Add learning goals for starter tutorials (#2894)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/projects/make-a-plant-watering-robot.md

# SMES: Olivia Miller, Sierra Guequierre, Hazal Mestci
---

<!-- LEARNING GOALS:

> After this tutorial you understand viam's modular platform and can build a machine from start to finish. You will be able to create machines using builtin and registry resources and write code with the SDKs to operate your machine

Reviewer: Same nit: avoid `platform` & some phrasing:

```suggestion
After this tutorial you will understand Viam's modular resources, and can build a machine from start to finish. You will be able to create machines using built-in resources as well as resources from the VIam registry, and can write code with the SDKs to operate your machine.
```

> After this tutorial you understand viam's modular platform and can build a machine from start to finish. You will be able to create machines using builtin and registry resources and write code with the SDKs to operate your machine

Author: ```suggestion
After this tutorial you will understand what modules are and when to use them, and be able to build a machine from start to finish. You will be able to create machines using built-in resources as well as resources from the Viam registry, and can write code with the SDKs to operate your machine.
```
